We need to calculate the average rating for each product.
In this video we will learn how to calculate average reading with the help of a function by mongoose
called virtualise.
The first thing we need to do is we need to add a Nunley attributes to our product schema which are
the virtual objects that go ahead and do that.
So it a good product.
Yes.
And here you want to do two object
in order for the average rating to show up.
We need to add these two objects two object and two Jaison virtual Is that something that is not stored
in our database.
So whenever someone called the product API it will actually Cockley the every rating on the go but not
going to save it to the database.
So let's go ahead and do that.
We go here and do all of our
We're going to do everything right thing Get on the dead or you do this use Lang zero.
So we are using get because we we're not setting anything.
We are simply getting the reviews from the database.
So what is going on is first we give the Virtual a name which is average rating then we do some easy
math calculation.
So then we set the rating to zero.
The first is is you know if the land area of review is equal to zero then we want to set the rating
to zero because there are no reviews at all else.
We want to do a math function to the rave reviews and we are simply getting each of you rating and we
simply just keep adding it to the rating variable.
For example if B for example if the area has 5 3 2 and 2 the rating variable would be equivalent to
12 and final thing finally finally is we want to Cockley average rating.
So what we're doing is is we just divide the ratings with the laying of the area.
So let's see the rating is 12.
Right.
And then you want to divide it by one 2 three and four.
So the rating will be good to read.
So simple as that.
Let us set up so was good to postman and currently the reviews is not showing any errors reading.
So it go ahead and send one more time and it's not showing you every screen to go back to code.
And let's check what if we do anything wrong.
I'm supposed to do average grading of Jack G.
Supposed to be all capital right.
See this is good but we're both show and check what it is.
No problem not there's no problems.
Go back to postman and send And now we have average waiting five.
Awesome.
So go in and add another review.
So it's not just me kid country.
All right.
So go and send successfully edit to review.
Let's go back to the step and let's go ahead and send it again
and boom we have it and then we have four because you know the preview the first review was five.
If you take a look here five The second is tree.
So five plus three of them to eat and eat divided by two of them to four.
So we have the average rating.
Awesome.
In this video we learn how to Cockley the average rating of each product using mongoose function called
virtual.
In the next section Adam Peterson will walk through the posting review and show the review on the front
end part.
I'll see you guys in the next section.